# thello-4

I moved the tools to ../mps-buildtools. Everything works
but I have not tested on Windows. Also, the tarball
needs to include mps-buildtools. Ok, i fixed that.

Ok, add some doxygen stuff.
Also add some stuff to tlib.

The style for the web page generated by
Doxygen is copied from

  https://github.com/jothepro/doxygen-awesome-css.git

ideas
   bug list
   TODO list
   emal
   faq
   some of this might come with Github

A very simple Hello, world program.

This project is very similar to thello-4.

The project links to the tmisc library.

On windows:

   this works, needed to modify the make.bat.in to
   get cmake to look for the tmiscConfig.cmake file.
   Had to copy the Debug directory to a Release
   directory.

   Also, need to modify the code so that gen, build, install
   can build Debug, Release, etc versions. Note that
   tmisc should also build a debug library.

   need to add a scrub target to make.bat.in

=============

This project uses a configure script to generate a Makefile on
Unix/OSX or a make.bat on Windows.

The configure script is written in Python and runs on
Unix, OSX, and Windows.

=============

Building: [Building:](./docs/BUILD.md)

Requirements: [Requirements:](./docs/REQS.md)



cmake repo -B build -DCMAKE_DEBUG_POSTFIX=d -DCMAKE_MSVC_RUNTIME_LIBRARY="MultiThreaded$<$<CONFIG:Debug>:Debug>" -A x64 -T v143
cmake --build build --config Debug
cmake --install build --prefix dist --config Debug

cmake --build build --config Release
cmake --install build --prefix dist --config Release



