@mainpage

# thello program.

 Thello is a simple "Hello, world" program.
 
 This project builds and installs a simple "Hello, world" program.
 It also illustrates how to use cmake to link with an external library.

 The program

 - prints the command line arguments.
 - sets a bundle path and asset path
 - reads and prints a help file from the asset path
 - reads and prints the project dictionary (project.dict) created
   by the build process.
 - tests the tmisc library (part of the mps-tlib project).

## Building and installing (Linux, MacOS, other Unix)

```
 ./configure
 make all
 make install
```
 Note that configure uses the standard --prefix=INSTALL_PREFIX
 argument. The default prefix is HOME/.local/bin.

 Out of source builds are supported.

## Windows build

```
 configure
 make all
 make install
```
Pretty cool.

## More information

than you need. thello uses assets (see the assets directory). During
the installation process the executable and assets are copied into
a subdirectory (bundle) of PREFIX/lib. Then the install process creates a small
shell script that is installed in PREFIX/bin. This script actually
runs the executable.

## Dependencies

 mps-tlib

## Project maintenance

 The Makefile generated by the configure process has a number of targets
to be used for project maintenance.

```
make clean
```
Removes the build directory (build.dir) and other junk.

```
make gen
```
Generate the build directory and fill it with the cmake stuff.

```
make build
```
Build the project. Note that make all is really make clean gen build.

```
make help
```
This will print out the current project configuration.

```
make style
```
This will format the C++ source code (using GNU astyle).

```
make tidy
```
This runs the clang-tidy tool on the C++ source code. This utility
is very useful for detecting coding issues such as use of outdated
features.

```
make tarball
```
This creates a source tarball for the project.

```
make install-raw
```
This shows what happens when cmake --install is let loose
on the world. The executable will get installed in the
PREFIX/bin directory but will not be able to load anything
from the assets directory.



